---
layout: map
title: "Dodge Tag"
date: 2023-06-08
permalink: /maps/dodge-tag
short-description: "Dodge Tag is a parkour-tag based minigame with multiple modes for you and your friends!"
patreon: "https://www.patreon.com/pvpqnda"
tags: ["Parkour Minigame","PvP / PvE","1+ Players"]
java-version: "1.20"
speedrunnable: true
version: 1.2.0
---
Created by: PvPqnda, Virale, and Hielke
-
*For Minecraft {{page.java-version}}*

**Map Description:**

<a style="text-decoration: underline;">Default Multiplayer<a>:<br>
There are two teams: <a style="color: #dddd35;">Runners<a>, and <a style="color: #dc3545;">Taggers<a>.<br>
If the <a style="color: #dc3545;">Taggers<a> tag all <a style="color: #dddd35;">Runners<a> in time, <a style="color: #dc3545;">Taggers<a> win.<br>
If the <a style="color: #dc3545;">Taggers<a> don't tag all <a style="color: #dddd35;">Runners<a> in time, <a style="color: #dddd35;">Runners<a> win.

<a style="text-decoration: underline;">Zombie Frenzy<a>:<br>
All players are <a style="color: #dc3545;"><a style="color: #dc3545;">Taggers<a><a>.<br>
<a style="color: #00be00;">Zombies<a> randomly spawn around the map.<br>
Tag as many <a style="color: #00be00;">Zombies<a> as possible before the time runs out!<br>

There are additional settings (some are hidden) to change how the game works however you'd like!

- 1+ players!
- Multiple modes!
- Cosmetic features!
- 12 custom settings!
- Lobby activities!
- 3 unique maps!

*Find it in the Realms Minigame section!*

<div id="accordion">
  <div class="card">
        <button class="card-header mb-0 btn btn-link text-decoration-none" data-toggle="collapse" data-target="#changelog" aria-expanded="false" aria-controls="changelog" id="changelogBtn">
           Changelog
        </button>
</div>

<div id="changelog" class="collapse" aria-labelledby="changelogBtn" data-parent="#accordion">
      <div class="card-body">
<b>v1.2.0</b> - <em>June 8, 2023</em><br>
<br>
- Updated to Minecraft 1.20<br>
- Made some jumps easier and added decorated pots on map Sahara<br>
- Infecting a runner in Infected Mode no longer relocates them<br>
- Trapdoors in the lobby parkour can no longer be interacted with<br>
- Day times: Sunrise and Sunset are now distinguishable<br>
- Changed the sounds of entering/exiting "Unlockables" and "Secrets" cosmetic menus<br>
- Disabled the Cage Hat including the monster spawner spawn egg interaction tip<br>
- Added a map title advancement<br>
- Performance improvements<br>
<br>
<b>v1.1.0</b> - <em>February 20, 2023</em><br>
<br>
- Enabled vanilla pack and made use of pack filters<br>
- Fixed switcheroo tag timer saying you have more time than the game timer to tag someone<br>
- Removed teasers for maps 4-6 in the map selector (Builder didn't commit)<br>
- Allowed cosmetic hats and shoes to be equipped separately<br>
- Swapped toggling locations of settings Infected & Switcheroo<br>
- Fixed lobby parkour stating a new record has been made, pushing the last record holder down, even if the new time is the same as the previous best time<br>
- Fixed chat-sent lobby parkour leaderboard containing entity data hover messages<br>
- Fixed inconsistency with lobby sidebar numbers<br>
- Added a message for players who set a new personal best for the lobby parkour of under a minute, suggesting to submit a speedrun<br>
- Performance improvements<br>
<br>
<b>v1.0.2</b> - <em>February 20, 2023</em><br>
<br>
- Updated to Minecraft 1.19.3<br>
- Replaced PvPqnda's Twitter link with Patreon<br>
<br>
<b>v1.0.1</b> - <em>June 13, 2022</em><br>
<br>
- Updated to Minecraft 1.19<br>
- Reduced requirement for secret cosmetic #7<br>
- Removed the highscore already set in the hidden lobby minigame<br>
- Fixed the "Open your inventory to view cosmetics!" message conflicting with the hidden minigame stats<br>
- Fixed there being multiple creator armor stands inside each other in the hidden lobby dining room<br>
- Changed the color of "Dodge Tag" in the join message from yellow to light purple<br>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>